PD-201: document container runtimes (#414)
portworx/pxdocs: content/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/operate-and-maintain-on-kubernetes/troubleshooting/common-errors.md

---

> * Failure to install Portworx (selinux):

Reviewer: Is this specifically for SELinux? I'd omit the parenthesis
```suggestion
* Failure to install Portworx on SELinux:
```

      container process caused "process_linux.go:430: container init caused \
      \"write /proc/self/attr/keycreate: permission denied\"": unknown.
    ```

>   * **EXPLANATION**:<br/> This error is a docker issue (see [moby#39109](https://github.com/moby/moby/issues/39109)),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **EXPLANATION**:<br/> This error is caused by a Docker issue ([moby#39109](https://github.com/moby/moby/issues/39109)),
```

>     and it prevents running even the simplest containers:

Reviewer: "it" in this case is Docker?
```suggestion
    which prevents Docker from running even the simplest containers:
```

      \"write /proc/self/attr/keycreate: permission denied\"": unknown.
    ```

>   * to work around this issue, one should either turn off the [SELinux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security-Enhanced_Linux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * To work around this issue, either turn off [SELinux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security-Enhanced_Linux)
```

    support, or make sure to use docker-package provided by the host's platform.
<br/>

---

> * Failure to install Portworx (kubernetes container runtime):

Reviewer: Similar to my other question. The parenthesis makes the statement vague. Is it "... the Portworx Kubernetes container runtime"? or "... Portworx using the Kubernetes container runtime"?

```suggestion
* Failure to install Portworx (kubernetes container runtime):
```

>   * You may have experienced the following issue deploying Portworx into Kubernetes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * You may experience the following issue deploying Portworx into Kubernetes:
```

         error="/var/run/docker.sock not a socket-file"
    ...level=info msg="> Attempt to use ContainerD as container handler failed" \
         error="Could not load container 134*: container \"134*\" in namespace \"k8s.io\": not found"
    ...level=info msg="> Attempt to use k8s-CRI as container handler failed"    \
         error="stat /var/run/crio/crio.sock: no such file or directory"
    ...level=error msg="Could not instantiate container client"                 \
         error="Could not initialize container handler"
    ...level=error msg="Could not talk to Docker/Containerd/CRI - please ensure \
          '/var/run/docker.sock', '/run/containerd/containerd.sock' or          \
          '/var/run/crio/crio.sock' are mounted"
    ```

  * **EXPLANATION**:<br/> In Kubernetes environments, Portworx installation starts by deploying OCI-Monitor Daemonset,
    which monitors and manages the Portworx service.
    In order to download, install and/or validate the Portworx service, the OCI-Monitor connects to the appropriate
    Kubernetes container runtime via socket-files that need to be mounted into the OCI-Monitor's POD.

>   * Please inspect Portworx Daemonset spec, and ensure the appropriate socket-files/directories are mounted as volumes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Please inspect the Portworx Daemonset spec, and ensure the appropriate socket-files/directories are mounted as volumes
```

>     from host-system into the Portworx POD.

Reviewer: Is there any reason to all-caps the word pod? 

```suggestion
    from the host-system into the Portworx pod.
```

>     Alternatively you can [reinstall Portworx](/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/), or at minimum generate a new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Alternatively, you can [reinstall Portworx](/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/), or at minimum generate a new
```
